Connect the Promise methods
to the right output.
So, we have all, race, any, and
allSettled, and then we have Result: 2,
Error: 3, Result,
which is an array of objects.
These aren't supposed to be
empty objects by the way but
I just couldn't fit it all in there,
and 4 is also a Result: 2.
So there are two result twos,
which is, yeah.
Anyway, connect what should
be in that little method
box to get that result,
or yeah, get that output.
Hope the question phrasing
[LAUGH] makes sense, kind of.
So for all, it'll be Error 3, race is
Result: 2, any is also Result: 2, and
allSettled will result or will have
to result with the array of objects.
So first, let's just take a look
at what does promise.all do.
So with this method, it kind of waits for
all the promises in the array to settle.
So either resolve or reject, and
then resolve with an array
of the result values.
But if any of the Promises rejects,
it will immediately reject
with the first rejection.
So here, the first one fulfills them or
resolves them all.
So it just fulfills with
the array with the values.
The second one or
like the one right below,
it rejects with that first rejection.
And the third one, like on top,
I don't know if it's third,
it will also reject that
the first rejected Promise.
Same for the fourth.
So in the case of our Promises,
this is kind of like the code
that reflected as the lines.
So the first rejection, which is Error 3,
will get returned from Promise.all.
So Promise.all is also Promise that
then rejects with that rejected value.
Next, we have Promise.race,
which waits for
the first promise in the array to settle.
So again, either resolve or reject.
So it just depends on
which Promise is first.
If the first Promise resolves,
then it will fulfill, but
if the first Promise rejects,
then it'll also get rejected.
So this is just the first Promise they
well, as the name suggests, they raised.
It's just the first Promise that resolves.
Yeah, so in this case,
even though we have two,
we have a Promise that resolves and
one that rejects.
Then it just depends on which in
real life is never quite the case.
This was just like a set timeout.
But in that case, just depends on
which Promise was defined first, and
in this case, that was the resolving one
so it'll be fulfilled with Result: 2.
Then we have Promise.any, which wait for
the first promise in the original resolve.
So if a Promise rejects,
it'll just ignore that one.
It's waiting for the first one to resolve.
And if none of them resolve, so the second
one, it'll have this aggregate error,
which is just an array of all
the rejected reasons, but
only then will it reject,
otherwise, it'll always fulfill.
Yeah, so in this case, again,
it's just the first resolving Promise,
which is Result: 2.
And then allSettled we'll never reject it,
it will always just return an array
with a status of either fulfilled or
rejected based on what that Promise
either if it fulfilled or rejected.
And then the reason for
the rejection if it was rejected or
the value of that
fulfilled resolved Promise.
So yeah, even if they all just rejected,
it will still be fulfilled.
So this is pretty useful if the API
calls or if you're using this for
API calls and they aren't
really depending on each other.
And maybe one failed and you just wanna
retry it without having to catch or
you still want the other Promises or
other API calls to finish as well.
Then you can just easily retry.
Maybe if status is rejected in one of
those, then retry it for that API call.
But for the other ones, just keep going.
So yeah, that, right, so for our Promises
that will just return this array
with a fulfilled, fulfilled,
rejected, and fulfilled.